

### Configure a JMS Server
To configure a JMS Server in the Platform Blueprint, open the Platform Blueprint Editor and navigate to `Blueprint > WebLogic Domains > [domain_name] > JMS Servers`. Expand this component to see a list of currently defined JMS Servers.

Either select an existing JMS Server to edit or click on the `+` icon to add a new JMS Server.

For each JMS Server we need to specify the following properties:
* **Name** - Name for the JMS Module.
* **Persistence Strategy**  - This only needs to be set if we need to override the  global persistence strategy.
* **Persistence Store**  -  The persistent store for the JMS Server. It is recommended to use a MyST property reference, for example `${[rxr.wls.FileStore-1].name}`
* **Message Buffer Size**  - Optional. This only needs to be set to overide the default value used by WebLogic.
* **Target** - The server instance on which to deploy the JMS Server. It is recommended that the target be defined as a MyST property reference, for example `${[rxr.wls.ManagedServer-1].name}`.

> We will need to specify a JMS Server for each managed server instance in the targeted cluster.

### Configure a JMS Module
To configure a JMS Module in the Platform Blueprint, open the Platform Blueprint Editor and navigate to `Blueprint > WebLogic Domains > [domain_name] > JMS Modules`. Expand this component to see a list of currently defined JMS Modules.

Either select an existing JMS Module to edit or click on the `+` icon next to JMS Modules (outlined in red) to create a new JMS Module.

For each JMS Module we need to specify the following properties:
* **Name** - Name for the JMS Module.
* **Target** - The server instance on which to deploy the JMS Server. It is recommended that the target be defined as a MyST property reference, for example `${[rxr.wls.ManagedServer-1].name}`.

> We will need to specify a JMS Module for each managed server instance in the targeted cluster.

#### Configure Sub Deployments
Navigate to Sub Deployments under the JMS module. Either select an existing Sub Deployment to edit or click on the `+` icon to add a sub deployment.

For each Sub Deployment we need to specify the following properties:
* **Name** - Name for the Sub Deployment.
* **Target** - The JMS Server instance on which to deploy the Sub Deployment. It is recommended that the target be defined as a MyST property reference, for example `${[rxr.wls.JmsServer-1].name}`.

#### Configure JMS Queue
